# Speech_Recognition_Commands
Under Vision 2030, Saudi Arabia aims to become the place where the best of data and AI is made reality. Under the strategy, Saudi Arabia will implement a multi-phase, multi-faceted plan that includes skills, policy and regulation, investment, research and innovation, and ecosystem development. This will enable the country to become a global hub for data and AI, and to rank among the top data-driven economies in the world.  Moreover, Artificial Intelligence and machine learning will be the most important products and means available to deal with the growth and changes of future cities, which will often be smart cities. Artificial intelligence is one of the most important engines of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, and it will not only change the business world but also transform cities and the ways in which we operate and live radically. However, In order to contribute on 2030 vision, we have created seven subprojects that accomplish one main idea. The main goal is to show how we can take advantage of deep learning in a smart city. Let us remember that the primary goal of artificial intelligence in general is to improve and develop ways of life for humans, as well as for smart cities by rapidly obtaining and analyzing large amounts of data very quickly to make more informed decisions aimed at improving the ways of life of the inhabitants of these cities in various fields. The following are explanations of the projects along with the responsible teams. 
